Model Terms for Marketing (MTM)

Version: 2

1. DEFINITIONS

"Binding Principles" means the principles set out in clause 4.

"Breach Notification" means a notice given in accordance with clause 8.2 that a
Contracting Party has breached these Model Terms.

"Contracting Parties" means the Parties to a Main Agreement and "Contracting
Party" shall be construed accordingly.

"Covered Data" means all Match Keys and associated Preferences and Metadata.

"Covered Data Network" means the Operator and each Receiver.

"Data Protection Laws" means any legislation or other laws in any jurisdiction
applicable to a Contracting Party that relate to the protection of personal data
or privacy of natural persons including the use of local storage mechanisms such
as cookies, or similar technologies.

"Device" means any web-enabled device or application accessing the Covered Data
Network.

"Main Agreement" means an agreement incorporating these Model Terms, alone or
with other terms.

"Match Key" means the alphanumeric string stored by the Operator.

"Metadata" means the creator domain, timestamp, and cryptographic signature
stored with the Covered Data defined by the then-current encoding scheme version
("Data Schema").

"Model Terms" means these terms and conditions.

"Non-Covered Data" means any data other than the Covered Data, which a Party may
collect or generate.

"Operator" means the Party responsible for ensuring that a User communicates
with a User Interface and with laws relating to the storage or access of any
data on a Device.

"Party" means any party bound to an agreement containing these Model Terms and
"Parties" shall be construed accordingly.

"Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable
natural person, which, where certain Data Protection Laws apply, will include
online identifiers stored in cookies when the receiving Party does not have the
means reasonably likely to be used to identify an individual (including as a
result of the implementation of appropriate organizational and technical
measures to prohibit reidentification).

"Personalized Marketing" has the meaning given to it in Appendix 1.

"Preferences" means a User-initiated signal expressed using a User Interface,
for the options notified to the User in that interface, including in relation to
specific content, which generates a portion of Covered Data.

"Receiver" means the Contracting Party receiving the Covered Data from the
Sender.

"Restricted Data" means any data concerning a specific individual's: (i) racial
or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or any
genetic data, biometric data; (ii) health, sex life or sexual orientation; (iii)
actual or alleged criminal convictions, offences, activities or their criminal
history; or (iv) data defined as sensitive or special category data under Data
Protection Laws or for which those laws require specific and explicit consent
from a User.

"Restricted Profiling" means the collection of Restricted Data concerning a
User's online activity over time for the purpose of using Restricted Data to
predict User preferences or interests to deliver content to their Device.

"Security Measures" shall have the meaning given to it in clause 7.3.

"Sender" means the Contracting Party (including, where applicable, the Party
that creates the Match Key) sending the Covered Data to the Receiver.

"Standard Marketing" has the meaning given to it in Appendix 1.

"Supervisory Authority" means any supervisory authority or regulator responsible
for enforcing compliance with Data Protection Laws from time to time.

"Transparency & Consent Framework" or "TCF" means the industry framework
developed and maintained by the Interactive Advertising Bureau, as amended from
time to time.

"Transaction" means the sending of unmodified Covered Data from the Sender to
the Receiver.

"User" means a natural person using a Device.

"User Interface" means the interface used by a User to signal Preferences to the
Covered Data Network being either an interface that operates as defined in these
Model Terms, using the language for Standard Marketing and Personalized
Marketing options specified in clause 5.7 ("Prescribed UI") or a valid
TCF-compliant user interface, whose signals are mapped to Standard Marketing and
Personalized Marketing in accordance with Appendix 1 ("TCF-Compliant UI").

"User Interface Provider" means a service provider that provides the User
Interface that presents and transmits User preferences.

2. COMMENCEMENT AND TERM

2.1     These Model Terms shall come into force on the effective date specified
        in the applicable Main Agreement or, if no such date is specified, on
        the date of last signature (including electronic signature) by both
        Contracting Parties of that Main Agreement.

2.2     These Model Terms shall continue in force for as long as Covered Data is
        used by the Receiver, subject to clause 8.

3. USING THESE MODEL TERMS

        Each Contracting Party may be a Sender or Receiver and accordingly may
        send or receive Covered Data to and from the other Contracting Party
        subject to these Model Terms provided that both Contracting Parties
        remain in compliance with these Model Terms.

4. THE BINDING PRINCIPLES

4.1     The effective operation and use of the Covered Data network involve many
        bilateral contractual relationships between Senders and Receivers, each
        subject to these Model Terms, but each Party acknowledges that it shares
        a collective responsibility to uphold the spirit and reputation of the
        Covered Data ecosystem as a whole.

4.2     Each Party acknowledges and agrees to respect the fundamental rights of
        Users to express or change their Preferences and shall do nothing to
        undermine or diminish those rights.

4.3     Each Party acknowledges and agrees not to attempt to undermine or
        diminish any User's exercise of their rights under Data Protection Laws.

4.4     Each Party acknowledges and agrees that it may only use Covered Data for
        the following purposes, subject always to the Preferences:

    i.    to plan and deliver content (whether targeted or otherwise) to a
          Device;

    ii.   to measure the reach and responsiveness of the content it delivers;

    iii.  to optimize the content it delivers;

    iv.   to prevent or detect security incidents or fraudulent or illegal
          activity or to assist prosecute or apprehend those responsible for any
          of those incidents or activities;

    v.    to develop or improve the performance of a new or existing product,
          service, or feature; or

    vi.   to defend, bring or establish legal claims or to comply with
          applicable law, and to apply copyright content protection.

4.5     Each Party shall act in good faith and reasonably at all times in
        respect of any activities it undertakes to adhere to the Binding
        Principles.

5. OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES

    Initiating Transactions between Contracting Parties

5.1     The sharing of Covered Data, whether on its own or in combination with
        Non-Covered Data, shall only occur between the Contracting Parties
        through Transactions.

5.2     Prior to initiating a Transaction, the Sender shall implement
        appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to ensure
        that the organization receiving the Covered Data is the other
        Contracting Party.

    Sending and Receiving Covered Data

5.3     On receipt of the Covered Data, the Receiver shall not use any Covered
        Data for Standard Marketing or Personalized Marketing, where the data
        relating to Preferences as required under clause 5.7 contains a null
        value.

    User Interface Providers

5.4     No Contracting Party other than an Operator (using a User Interface
        Provider, acting on behalf of an Operator) shall be permitted to link
        Covered Data to a User.

5.5     Each Operator shall ensure that any User Interface Provider it uses
        shall:

    i.    ensure that the functionality allowing Users to provide Preferences to
          the Covered Data Network is operating properly at all times; and

    ii.   include a clear and prominent notice for Users in the User Interface
          explaining that its functionality relates to the Covered Data Network
          and, where applicable, that it may include other consent management or
          preference functionality unrelated to the Operator, such as a
          Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF)-compliant consent management
          platform, which has obtained sufficient signals to qualify for use for
          other purposes.

5.6     Each Contracting Party shall ensure that any Party that uses the User
        Interface includes a link or other visible mechanism that permits access
        and use of the User Interface on every webpage accessible to Users.

5.7     The Operator shall ensure that, at all times, the User Interface it
        uses:

    i.    includes one or both of the Personalized Marketing or Standard
          Marketing options (including opt-in mechanism and definition text) and
          ensures that any preference option defaults to no/opted-out and
          permits Users to easily and immediately access and read the text
          marked with asterisks below, where 'easily' means the text is legible
          and located near the option for Personalized Marketing and Standard
          Marketing:

        * Selecting "personalized marketing" means you choose to receive
        targeted marketing and other content related to your browsing history or
        interactions and to the use of the cookies described in our Privacy
        Policy [insert link to Privacy Policy] to make this happen.

        ** Selecting "standard marketing" means you prefer to receive targeted
        marketing and other content unrelated to your browsing history or
        interactions, such as content based on time, geographic region and
        current context, and to the use of the cookies described in our Privacy
        Policy [insert link to Privacy Policy] to make this happen.

    ii.   can be configured to provide Users with a link to retrieve the User
          Interface to view, edit and update their Preferences;

    iii.  must display a transient notice that must appear for no less than
          three seconds, for any User that has chosen to store Preferences, but
          not interacted with the User Interface of the current digital
          property; and

    iv.   when using the text required under the TCF, uses the unaltered
          definitions of the required purposes defined within the TCF that
          relate to concepts equivalent to 'Standard Marketing' or 'Personalized
          Marketing'.

5.8     When using the User-facing text specified in clause 5.7, the Operator
        shall ensure that no Party, including the User Interface Provider, may
        alter, amend or delete any text or functionality specified in that
        clause, except that the Operator shall be permitted to create accurate
        language translations of any such text where appropriate and to provide
        additional consent management and preference functionality in respect of
        activities not required under that clause (by way of example only, age
        verification), subject always to the restrictions in clause 6. The
        addition of text to clarify the meaning of any text or functionality
        specified in clause 5.7 is permitted.

5.9     The Contracting Parties acknowledge that when a User accesses the User
        Interface to update Preferences, the User Interface Provider will share
        the updated Preferences with the Operator.

5.10    The Contracting Parties further acknowledge that each User Interface
        Provider will have access to Preferences and, consequently, it warrants
        that it has implemented and maintains specific technical and
        organizational measures to safeguard any and all Preferences in the
        possession of the User Interface Provider.

5.11    When an Operator relies on a User Interface Provider using a
        TCF-Compliant UI with usage purposes described in the TCF ("TCF
        Purposes"), the Operator shall ensure that the TCF Purposes are mapped
        to Standard Marketing and Personalized Marketing in accordance with the
        table set out in Appendix 1.

    Operator

5.12    If a Contracting Party is an Operator, it shall:

    i.    store each Match Key and link to it Preferences in conformance with
          the specification of the Data Schema;

    ii.   only send Covered Data to the Receiver or another Operator; and

    iii.  comply with Data Protection Laws and any anti-trust or competition
          laws in any jurisdiction applicable to the Operator.

6. RESTRICTED USES

6.1     Modification of Covered Data

        The Contracting Parties shall not modify the Covered Data and shall not
        store any constituent part of the Covered Data separately.

6.2     Restricted Data and Restricted Profiling

        No Contracting Party shall directly or indirectly use any Restricted
        Data in connection with the Covered Data including for any Restricted
        Profiling.

6.3     Reidentification

        Neither Contracting Party shall (or attempt to) identify a User from
        Covered Data.

7. DATA PROTECTION

7.1     Each Contracting Party warrants that it does not have the means
        reasonably likely to be used to identify any specific individuals from
        the Covered Data (including by virtue of its contractual commitments
        under these Model Terms) and that consequently, for the purposes of Data
        Protection Laws where they apply, in respect of a particular Transaction
        such Covered Data is not Personal Data.

7.2     The Contracting Parties shall not (nor attempt to) take any steps for
        the purpose, or with the effect, of causing Covered Data to be Personal
        Data, including by combining Covered Data with, or using, any other data
        (including Non-Covered Data) to identify or reidentify any individual.

7.3     Each Contracting Party shall implement appropriate technical and
        organizational measures to protect against accidental unlawful or
        unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration or disclosure of, or access
        to, the Covered Data (together, "Security Measures") and shall set out
        or reference a description of all such measures in the Main Agreement.

7.4     Notwithstanding clause 7.1, each Contracting Party shall ensure that it
        publishes on its digital property a notice relating to its processing of
        Covered Data, including a statement that it is bound by these Model
        Terms in respect of the Covered Data it processes, with a link to the
        version of these Model Terms by which it is bound, a description of
        which of the data it processes is Covered Data and which is not, and an
        explanation regarding the nature of the Match Key and other Covered Data
        corresponding to clause 7.1.  The notice, or any part of it, may be
        given by including or linking to a policy published elsewhere, provided
        that the policy contains the required information and remains publicly
        accessible.

7.5     Each Contracting Party shall, on reasonable written notice from the
        other Contracting Party (and no more than once in any period of 12
        months unless a Breach Notification has been made in respect of it),
        provide the other Contracting Party with such information as is
        reasonably necessary to demonstrate its compliance with these Model
        Terms.

7.6     Where a Contracting Party reasonably believes that the other Contracting
        Party has used Covered Data in breach of these Model Terms, it may, on
        written notice, suspend Transactions with the other Contracting Party
        and take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate any
        unauthorized use of Covered Data. This clause does not limit either
        Contracting Party's rights under clause 8.

8. BREACH & TERMINATION

8.1     Breach of these Model Terms

    i.    In the event a Contracting Party breaches these Model Terms
          ("Defaulting Party") the Defaulting Party shall make a Breach
          Notification in accordance with clause 8.2.

8.2     Breach Notification

    i.    If a Contracting Party becomes aware of a breach of these Model Terms
          by a Party, then notwithstanding its confidentiality obligations,
          whether in the Main Agreement or elsewhere:

          a.  the Defaulting Party shall without undue delay (and in any event
              within 72 hours of becoming aware) cure the breach or, where this
              is not possible within such period, publish a prominent
              notification on its web property, in a language appropriate for
              the applicable Users, setting out the following "Breach Notice":

              A.  the identity of the Defaulting Party;

              B.  the nature of the breach and, in particular, whether the
                  Contracting Party has engaged in any of the restricted
                  activities under clause 6; and

              C.  any steps the Defaulting Party has taken to cure the breach;
                  and

          b.  the Contracting Party that identified the Defaulting Party's
              breach shall take the following steps in relation to any
              Defaulting Party:

              A.  to the extent known, notify the Defaulting Party with the
                  information set out in clause 8.2(i)(a); and

              B.  within 72 hours of becoming aware that the Defaulting Party
                  has failed to comply with clause 8.2(i)(a), notify the
                  information set out in clause 8.2(i)(a) in writing to each of
                  the Supervisory Authorities relevant to the breach (including
                  the Supervisory Authority with competence for the jurisdiction
                  in which the Defaulting Party is incorporated and the
                  Supervisory Authority with competence for the jurisdiction
                  where it primarily conducts processing relevant to the Main
                  Agreement).

8.3     Termination

    i.    A Contracting Party may terminate the Main Agreement if the other
          Contracting Party:

          a.  fails to comply with its obligations under clause 8.2 (Breach
              Notification);

          b.  commits an incurable and material breach of these Model Terms in
              the Main Agreement between the Contracting Parties;

          c.  commits a curable breach of these Model Terms in the Main
              Agreement between the Contracting Parties but fails to cure that
              breach within 14 days of becoming aware of the breach;

          d.  receives a notice from a Supervisory Authority requiring either
              Contracting Party to cease processing Covered Data; or

          e.  ceases to carry on all or the relevant part of its business or has
              a liquidator (both provisional and following a winding up),
              receiver (including a fixed charge receiver), administrative
              receiver, administrator, nominee, supervisor or other similar
              officer appointed in respect of itself or any of its assets under
              the law of any jurisdiction or notice is given of the intention to
              make any such appointment.

    ii.   The Contracting Party that identified the breach shall determine in
          its sole discretion whether or not a breach by the Defaulting Party is
          a material breach but shall, acting reasonably and in good faith, have
          regard to the following when exercising that discretion:

          a.  whether the breach was deliberate, willful or resulted from the
              Defaulting Party's negligence;

          b.  the volume and frequency of the breach and any prior breaches;

          c.  whether the breach involved a failure to comply with the
              restrictions in clause 6;

          d.  whether, as a result of the breach, an organization that is not a
              Party linked any Non-Covered Data to the Covered Data; and

          e.  whether, as a result of the breach, an organization that is not a
              Party linked the User's offline identity to the Covered Data.

8.4     Effect of Termination

        If the Main Agreement between the Contracting Parties terminates or
        expires, the Contracting Parties shall immediately cease sending or
        receiving Covered Data and using it for the purposes set out in clause
        4.4 except to the extent permitted by Data Protection Laws, in
        accordance with the Preferences.

9. WARRANTY & LIABILITY

9.1     No Warranty

        EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THE MAIN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE
        CONTRACTING PARTIES, THE SENDER PROVIDES THE COVERED DATA "AS IS"
        WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
        IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
        MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN PARTICULAR,
        EACH CONTRACTING PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ENTRY BY IT INTO ANY
        MAIN AGREEMENT DOES NOT OF ITSELF GUARANTEE THAT EITHER CONTRACTING
        PARTY WILL BE COMPLIANT WITH ANY OR ALL DATA PROTECTION LAWS OR OTHER
        APPLICABLE LAWS.

9.2     Liability

    i.    SUBJECT TO CLAUSE 9.2(ii), NOTHING IN ANY MAIN AGREEMENT SHALL LIMIT
          OR EXCLUDE THE LIABILITY OF A CONTRACTING PARTY TO ANY OTHER PARTY IN
          CONNECTION WITH THESE MODEL TERMS.

    ii.   TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, A CONTRACTING
          PARTY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
          BREACH NOTIFICATION IT MAKES UNDER THESE MODEL TERMS PROVIDED THAT THE
          CONTRACTING PARTY CAN REASONABLY DEMONSTRATE IT MADE THAT NOTIFICATION
          IN GOOD FAITH AND REMOVES OR CORRECTS (AS APPLICABLE) ANY BREACH
          NOTIFICATION MADE IN OR CONTAINING AN ERROR IMMEDIATELY AFTER BECOMING
          AWARE OF THE ERROR.

10. OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS

10.1    Intellectual Property

        Nothing in these Model Terms transfers any ownership of any intellectual
        property rights of a Contracting Party to the other Contracting Party.

10.2    Interpretation

        In these Model Terms, headings are used for convenience only and shall
        not control the meaning or the interpretation of any of the provisions
        in these Models Terms and words that appear after the expression
        "include", "including", "other" "for example", "such as" or "in
        particular" (or any similar expression) in these Model Terms shall not
        limit the meaning of the words appearing before such expression.

10.3    Conflict

        Nothing in the Main Agreement shall be construed as overriding or
        superseding these Model Terms. If there is any conflict or inconsistency
        between the provisions of the Main Agreement and these Model Terms, the
        latter shall prevail.

10.4    Severability

        If any part of these Model Terms is found to be unenforceable as a
        matter of law, all other parts of these Model Terms will not be affected
        and shall remain in force.

10.5    Compliance with Law

        Nothing in these Model Terms requires a Contracting Party to act
        contrary to applicable law, and no action a Contracting Party is legally
        compelled to take by a court, regulator or public authority with
        jurisdiction over it shall constitute a breach of these Model Terms.

11. GOVERNING LAW & JURISDICTION

11.1    These Model Terms shall be governed by and shall be subject to the
        jurisdiction of the laws and courts (or other means of dispute
        resolution) expressly specified elsewhere in the Main Agreement
        respectively.

11.2    Nothing in this clause 11 shall prevent either Contracting Party from
        applying to the courts of any jurisdiction for such provisional or
        protective measures as are available under the laws of that
        jurisdiction, including seeking interlocutory and/or injunctive relief.

Appendix 1: TCF Purposes Mapped to Standard Marketing and Personalized
Marketing

STANDARD MARKETING

    Selecting "standard marketing" means you prefer to receive targeted
    marketing and other content unrelated to your browsing history or
    interactions, such as content based on time, geographic region and
    current context, and to the use of the cookies described in our
    Privacy Policy [insert link to Privacy Policy] to make this happen.

    Required TCF Purposes:

        Purpose 1:  Store and/or access information on a device
        Purpose 2:  Use limited data to select advertising
        Purpose 7:  Measure advertising performance
        Purpose 8:  Measure content performance
        Purpose 11: Use limited data to select content

        Special Purpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content

PERSONALIZED MARKETING

    Selecting "personalized marketing" means you choose to receive
    targeted marketing and other content related to your browsing history
    or interactions and to the use of the cookies described in our Privacy
    Policy [insert link to Privacy Policy] to make this happen.

    Required TCF Purposes:

        Purpose 1:  Store and/or access information on a device
        Purpose 2:  Use limited data to select advertising
        Purpose 3:  Create profiles for personalised advertising
        Purpose 4:  Use profiles to select personalised advertising
        Purpose 5:  Create profiles to personalise content
        Purpose 6:  Use profiles to select personalised content
        Purpose 7:  Measure advertising performance
        Purpose 8:  Measure content performance
        Purpose 11: Use limited data to select content

        Special Purpose 2: Deliver and present advertising and content

TCF Purposes may be found at https://iabeurope.eu

***

Copyright and disclaimer statement

Copyright (c) 2026 Shoosmiths LLP

Everyone is permitted to copy or distribute verbatim copies of these terms, but
changing these terms is not permitted. All distributed copies of these terms or
any thing incorporating them must include this copyright and disclaimer
statement.

These terms have been produced by the law firm Shoosmiths LLP. Nothing in these
terms shall be construed as legal advice. Shoosmiths LLP and 51Degrees.Mobi
Limited disclaim all liability to any person using or relying on all or any part
of these terms for that purpose.
